---
slug: welcome
title: Welcome to Summarize!
authors: [chandler, kyle]
tags: [meta]
---

## Revolutionize Your YouTube Experience!

Greetings and a hearty welcome to all our new users at Summarize, a cutting-edge application designed to make your YouTube experience more efficient and enjoyable! Developed by TimeSurge Labs, Summarize leverages the power of OpenAI ChatGPT 3.5 and 4 to provide concise and accurate summaries of your favorite YouTube videos. With a wide range of features and exciting updates coming soon, we're certain you'll find Summarize to be an indispensable tool in your daily online life.
<!--truncate-->

## Key Features

1. **Summarize YouTube videos**: With our advanced AI-based technology, Summarize extracts the most important points from YouTube videos, allowing you to quickly grasp the essence of the content without spending hours watching the full video.

2. **Security and Privacy**: To ensure the utmost security and privacy, the API key needed for v1 never leaves your browser and is solely used to authenticate with the OpenAI API. Your information is safe with us. All summaries posted to the API are anonymous and are not tagged with any user information.

3. **Account Benefits**: By creating an account, you can unlock the full functionality of Summarize. Take advantage of caching summaries to our API, so you don't use up your OpenAI API credits.

4. **Absolutely Free**: Summarize is available to you at no cost, ensuring that everyone has access to our innovative and time-saving tool.

5. **Browser Extensions**: Our easy-to-install browser extensions are available for both Chrome and Firefox, enabling you to quickly summarize YouTube videos while browsing.

6. **Web App for Summarizing Videos**: If you prefer a standalone web application, Summarize has you covered. Our web app not only summarizes videos but will soon allow you to browse through summaries as well.

7. **Discord and Telegram Bots**: Summarize is also available as a Discord and Telegram bot, allowing you to summarize videos directly in your favorite messaging app.

## What's Next?

At TimeSurge Labs, we're constantly striving to enhance Summarize and ensure it remains a valuable tool for our users. Keep an eye out for new features and improvements coming soon, as we continue to innovate and expand the capabilities of our app.

## Conclusion

We're incredibly excited to have you join our Summarize community and look forward to helping you make the most of your YouTube experience. As we embark on this journey together, we at TimeSurge Labs are committed to delivering the best possible product, and your feedback and support are invaluable in shaping the future of Summarize. Welcome aboard, and happy summarizing!
